fix(curriculum): introduce span element in accessible-audio-controller step 3 (#68570)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-accessible-audio-controller/68eb7f2397da251a40e04aa2.md

Next, add a `div` element to contain all the elements for the volume control.

> A `span` element is a generic inline container for content. It's often used to group elements for styling purposes with a `class` or `id` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `span` element is a generic inline container for content. It's often used to to wrap a piece of text, so that it can be identified through an `id` attribute for acessibility purposes, or also for styling a piece of text in a different way from the surroinding text.
```

or something like that, to explain both how it is used here, and an other common use

> A `span` element is a generic inline container for content. It's often used to wrap a piece of text so it can be identified through an `id` attribute for accessibility purposes, or to style a piece of text differently from the surrounding text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `span` element is a generic inline container for content. It's commonly used to style a piece of text differently from the surrounding text, or to wrap text and give it an `id` that other elements (such as ARIA attributes) can reference.
```
